Revamp the AOR's page of Platform (#1188)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/organization/cloud_platform.md

# Platform (Cloud)

### Who We Are

> Platform (Cloud) team is responsible for the underline services which support the orchestration of Mattermost Cloud in terms of provisioning, rolling out and controlling customer's fleet workspaces. In parallel the team boosts the developer productivity using the same services to improve the cloud developer platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform (Cloud) team is responsible for the underlying services which support the orchestration of Mattermost Cloud in terms of provisioning, rolling out, and updating the customer Mattermost server fleet. In parallel the team boosts developer productivity using the same services to improve the cloud developer experience.
```

> Platform (Cloud) team is responsible for the underlying services which support the orchestration of Mattermost Cloud in terms of provisioning, rolling out, and updating the customer Mattermost server fleet. In parallel the team boosts developer productivity using the same services to improve the cloud developer experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Platform (Cloud) team is responsible for the underlying services which support the orchestration of Mattermost Cloud in terms of provisioning, rolling out, and updating the customer's Mattermost server fleet. In parallel, the team boosts developer productivity using the same services to improve the cloud developer experience.
```

### Vision

> Enable everyone to build and deploy with high velocity in a self-served manner.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Enable everyone to build and deploy with high velocity in a self-serve manner.
```

### Actions
- Influence Cloud readiness
- Input driven decision making
- Encourage best practices and keep quality standards high
- Keep experimenting
- Keep documentation fresh

### Principles
- Balance stability and experimentation
- Embrace teamwork

> - Leave the room better than it was

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Leave things better than we found them
```

- Data/Feedback driven to find the best solution
- Distributed systems, distributed team
- Be curious and keep learning
- Share knowledge and seek feedback

### Ask for Help

> If you need our assistance please use the following follow the [General Workflow](#general-workflow)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you need our assistance, please follow the [General Workflow](#general-workflow)
```

> We can also be reached out:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
More ways to reach us:
```

> 1. For support questions related to production you can reach us in the `~cloud-support ` channel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. For support questions related to production, you can reach us in the `~cloud-support ` channel.
```

> 1. For support questions related to production you can reach us in   `~cloud-support ` channel.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. For support questions related to production you can reach us in the `~cloud-support ` channel.
```

> 2. For all the other questions you can reach us in the `~cloud-platform-team` channel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. For all the other questions, you can reach us in the `~cloud-platform-team` channel.
```

> 2. For all the other questions you can reach us in `~cloud-platform-team` channel

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. For all the other questions you can reach us in the `~cloud-platform-team` channel.
```

> ### How we work

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### How We Work
```

#### General Workflow

> 1. Mattermost members open new issues in [Platform Board](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/MM/boards/46)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Mattermost staff open new issues in the [Platform Board](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/MM/boards/46).
```

> 2. Every new issues goes through an Issue Triage weekly

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Every new issue goes through an Issue Triage weekly.
```

### Areas of Ownership

> The team regularly works on the following tasks, in the order of priority:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The team regularly works on the following tasks, listed in order of priority:
```

> - Ensuring provisioning, rolling out and controlling the workspaces fleet with an automated manner (eg. provisioner, k8s operator)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Ensuring that the workspace fleet is provisioned, rolled out, managed and automated (e.g. provisioner, k8s operator)
```

> - Improving developer productivity with providing self-served capabilities for testing envs in cloud developer platform (eg. [spinwick](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/list-of-terms#spinwick), cloud plugin)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Improving developer productivity by providing self-serve capabilities for testing environments within the cloud developer platform (e.g. [spinwick](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/list-of-terms#spinwick) cloud plugin.
```

> - Ensuring and supporting other teams for cloud readiness (eg. Mattermost migrations, database connection pooling)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Ensuring and supporting other teams for cloud readiness (e.g. Mattermost migrations, database connection pooling)
```

### Meetings

| Topics                             | Meeting                    | Participants                    | Cadence |
|------------------------------------|----------------------------|---------------------------------|---------|
| Triage & Planning                  | Platform Planning          | SRE, Platform                   | Tuesday |

> | Cloud & Growth Sync                | Cloud Engineering          | SRE, Release, Platform, Growth  | Weekly  |

Reviewer: Did we want to have `Weekly` for the Cadence for both of these?

Author: Should we add the one you have as a team on Thursdays? what's the cadence of this and how this meeting is called?
